README.md, before:

FiberIO - fiber-based C++ network library
=========================================

This is an experimental C++ network library built on top of Boost.Fiber.

See [NOTICE](NOTICE) and [LICENSE](LICENSE) for license terms.

This is highly experimental at this point. Currently uses libuv internally for
asynchronous networking.

Doxygen documentation is available
[here](https://hampus.github.io/fiberio/html/).


Requirements
------------

The library is built using [Meson](http://mesonbuild.com/) and currently
depends on [Boost.Fiber](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/release/libs/fiber/doc/html/index.html),
[libuv](http://libuv.org/) and (optionally)
[Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest). It also requires C++17.

Running Ubuntu 18.04 is sufficient and then you can install dependencies with:

    $ sudo apt install build-essential meson libboost-fiber-dev libuv-dev \
            libgtest-dev


Building
--------

Use Meson:

    $ meson build
    $ cd build
    $ ninja test

This builds the library and some example applications under build/examples/. It
will also run all the unit tests.


Example
-------

A simple echo server can be created like this:

```c++
#include <fiberio/all.hpp>
#include <boost/fiber/all.hpp>

namespace fibers = boost::fibers;

int main()
{
    fiberio::use_on_this_thread();

    fiberio::server_socket server;
    server.bind("127.0.0.1", 5531);
    server.listen(50);

    while (true) {
        auto client{ server.accept() };
        fibers::async([](fiberio::socket client) {
            char buf[4096];
            while (true) {
                std::size_t bytes_read{ client.read(buf, sizeof(buf)) };
                client.write(buf, bytes_read);
            }
        }, std::move(client));
    }

    return 0;
}
```

A client application works similarly, but would create sockets like this:

```c++
fiberio::socket socket;
socket.connect("127.0.0.1", 5531);
```

Reading and writing works the same.

Commit message:

Build and run tests in Docker containers

README.md, after:

FiberIO - fiber-based C++ network library
=========================================

This is an experimental C++ network library built on top of [Boost.Fiber](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/release/libs/fiber/doc/html/index.html).

See [NOTICE](NOTICE) and [LICENSE](LICENSE) for license terms.

This is highly experimental at this point. Currently uses libuv internally for
asynchronous networking.

Doxygen documentation is available
[here](https://hampus.github.io/fiberio/html/).


Requirements
------------

The library is built using [Meson](http://mesonbuild.com/) and currently
depends on [Boost.Fiber](https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/release/libs/fiber/doc/html/index.html),
[libuv](http://libuv.org/) and (optionally)
[Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest). It also requires C++17.

On Ubuntu 18.04, you can install dependencies with:

    $ sudo apt install wget build-essential automake libtool pkg-config meson \
        libboost-fiber-dev libgtest-dev clang

You also need libuv, but the version in Ubuntu 18.04 is too old so you'll need
to build and install it manually from source.

On Arch Linux, you can install everything using pacman:

    $ sudo pacman -S  wget automake libtool m4 autoconf make pkg-config meson \
        boost libuv gtest clang

Building
--------

Use Meson:

    $ meson build
    $ cd build
    $ ninja test

This builds the library and some example applications under build/examples/. It
will also run all the unit tests.


Building with Docker
--------------------

For testing purposes, there are some Docker files and scripts for building
inside Docker containers.

You can build with all of those by running (from this directory):

    $ ./ci/buildall.sh

This builds both in Ubuntu 18.04 and Arch Linux and using GCC and Clang.


Example
-------

A simple echo server can be created like this:

```c++
#include <fiberio/all.hpp>
#include <boost/fiber/all.hpp>

namespace fibers = boost::fibers;

int main()
{
    fiberio::use_on_this_thread();

    fiberio::server_socket server;
    server.bind("127.0.0.1", 5531);
    server.listen(50);

    while (true) {
        auto client{ server.accept() };
        fibers::async([](fiberio::socket client) {
            char buf[4096];
            while (true) {
                std::size_t bytes_read{ client.read(buf, sizeof(buf)) };
                client.write(buf, bytes_read);
            }
        }, std::move(client));
    }

    return 0;
}
```

A client application works similarly, but would create sockets like this:

```c++
fiberio::socket socket;
socket.connect("127.0.0.1", 5531);
```

Reading and writing works the same.
